-: Welcome back.
In this lecture we are going to install
the AWS CLI on our Mac.
So we need to first download the AWS CLI binary
which is CLI V2 version.
So we are going to use the latest version.
These are the reference links for you to
follow the documentation if you want,
directly from AWS.
So I just cut short and then used only whatever is required
for me directly to install on Mac.
I'm just going to download the binary and then install it.
So it's going to get downloaded and once it is downloaded
so using pseudo installer,
I'm going to install the binary.
So let's do that now.
So let me provide my password.
So it's installing now.
So once install,
so let's verify that version, right?
So we should be in the latest version 2.0, right?
2.0.22 as on today, right?
So now we'll go to configuring the AWS command line.
So if you want to install it on your Windows 10
so you can follow these steps.
And in addition to that, you have the reference
documentation link to install it using the link also.
Means like you can go to that link
and then follow the AWS steps provided
for installing it on Windows.
So let me close these things and then go to configuring.
So we need to go ahead
and then generate the security credentials
for our IAM account
and then configure them on our command line.
So let's do that now.
So in the AWS management console,
so let's search for IAM and go to IAM.
And go to users.
And I have the user Kalyan who is a admin user.
So let me go to security credentials
and then create the access key, right?
And using this access key,
we can copy it and then we can come here
and then say AWS configure and base the access key here
and the secret access key, right?
And your default region,
I'm going to select as us-east-1
and my output is going to be JSON.
So I configured it.
So the next thing is to verify it.
So whether it is successfully configured or not.
So if I say AWS EC to describe VPCs
I'm trying to execute some of the CLI commands
like one CLI command here
and then see what happens here, right?
And I got the default VPC whatever is present there.
So, which means like I am able to connect
to my AWS account from my local command line,
using AWS CLI and then fetch the information.
So we are good with this.
So that's about the installation of AWS CLI.
In our next lecture we'll focus on
installing the kubectl CLI.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye, Thank you.